any JS function when called an object in JS runtime (browser/node js) is created, known as function execution context object (FEC), which has 3 properties

	- varobj -> reference to an object which stores all local variables (declared with var, let and const) of the function
	it is destroyed when the FEC is destroyed

	- this -> reference to an object which stores all object data (declared with this keyword) of the function
	note: the "this" property gets attached to window or global object by default if new keyword is not used while calling the function
the "this" property gets attached to a fresh new object if new keyword is used while calling the function

	- scope -> reference to an array with all the copy of the outer scope variables of the function

a FEC object for a function gets destroyed as soon as the function call is over taking down the varobj and scope, BUT NOT the "this" object


Note: any function has access to the local variables of the outer scope, but does not have access to the local variables of its inner scope. JS preserves a copy of all the local variables of a function's outer scope. This is known as "closure" [Maintaining a lexicla environment of local outer scope variables for a function]


arrow function:
	to bind a function's "this" property with the same object/instance to which the outer function is bound to, so that the inner function has access to the "this" data of the outer function
	
react and react-dom
Virtual DOM

how react js updated the UI?

a. either a component's state has been updated
b. or a component has received a new property object

hook functions:
------------------------
	- hook react component with something, such as, state, effects, refs, context etc.
	- hook functions can be used from a component or another/custom hook
	- every hook function starts with a prefix "use"

useState() -> state hook function

2 types of components:
------------------------------
1. stateful component: a component where you maintain state of data
2. stateless component: a component which does not maintain state of data. rather it receives data from its parent component and renders.[presentational component]

lifting the state up -> maintain the state of data at a top level parent component


how to pass data from one component to another component
---------------------------------------------------------
1. how to pass data from parent component to a nested component
	via property object: collection of properties of a component though which data or handler function reference can be passed to nested from a parent component
	this property object is read-only and can't be modified





